[thunderclap]
[rain pattering]
[tense music playing]
BURNING BETRAYAL
-[engine revving]
-[action music playing]
[tires screeching]
[music stops]
[tense music playing]
["No Ponto" by IZA playing]
BASED ON THE NOVEL BY
[music continues]
[moaning]
[music ends]
[rain pattering]
[thunderclap]
BABI AND CAIO ARE GETTING MARRIED
CALLING
[dial tone]
HEY. I MISS YOU
[tense music playing]
-[gasps]
-My love.
Caio. you startled me!
-You trying to give me a heart attack?
-No. I'd never hurt you. Hmm.
-Aren't you supposed to be in Rio?
-I was.
I'm only here for a one-day turnaround.
I have to testify in court
for a client's case.
-What for?
-[Caio] Mmm.
Why. are you being sued by them?
No.
it's a Prosecutor's Office investigation.
Money laundering.
-What does that have to do with you?
-Nothing.
It's normal to call
the business partners in
to testify in this type of case.
-It's standard protocol.
-Huh.
Thiago has the accounting records
and balance sheets. it's cool.
And that guy.
Thiago. your partner.
is the most organized person I know.
Really?
[chuckles] Okay. fine.
He's the second most
organized person that I know.
-[scoffs]
-After you. obviously. my love.
[Babi] That's better.
Mmm. Hold on. Close your eyes.
I got you a surprise.
-Trust me.
-[chuckles] Caio…
Open up.
Wow. they're beautiful. babe! Really.
-[sensual music playing]
-[Caio groans]
-[Babi gasps] All right.
-Put 'em on for me.
Let's see.
Okay?
-How do I look?
-Amazing.
-[chuckles]
[music continues]
[Babi moans]
[both moaning]
[Caio moans]
I'm gonna come. [moaning]
-Yeah.
-I'm gonna come.
[sighs]
[Caio sighs] Oh. babe.
[Caio panting]
Oh. that was good.
You all right?
You didn't think so? Huh?
-Of course. it's not that.
-What's going on?
[Caio grunts]
I was just thinking about the bike.
[Caio] The motorcycle?
Yeah. someone offered to buy it.
didn't I tell you?
Finally. Yeah. babe. That's good news.
You've got a lot to do for the wedding
and that bike takes up a lot of your time.
How was your week?
Is it too much to do all of the planning?
Well. I still have
some of the decorations to figure out.
But it'll all work out.
-[thunderclap]
-[rain pattering]
I'm loving the life
we're building together.
Same here.
I love you.
[both chuckling]
-Hungry?
-Totally.
-I'll make us some spaghetti.
-Someone's excited.
-Makin' spaghetti.
-[chuckles]
With a nice bottle of wine.
Huh?
[clanging]
[melancholic music playing]
[Babi] Girl. it's not like that.
It wasn't one of those confusing dreams.
When you open the bathroom door
to find you're at the office
in your grandma's house.
-This dream was real. very real.
-[woman] Okay. listen.
"If you have a dream about cheating.
it doesn't mean
you want to cheat on your partner."
[Babi] See?
"It's more likely
that you're betraying yourself
by making certain choices that you know
deep down are going to be wrong for you."
Oh. I don't know. girl.
Let's think about this.
You wanna get married?
It's a huge step for you.
I love Caio. Why wouldn't I want that?
You haven't slept
with many guys other than Caio.
Maybe you have repressed desires.
I'd die of boredom if I had
to sleep with the same guy for eternity.
You and I are different.
I don't know how you can
trust guys from dating apps.
Girl. how's that more dangerous and risky
than sharing your whole life with someone?
-Mm.
-Thank you.
-Another refill. please.
-Hold on.
I wanna download something for you.
It's a really cool app.
[whispering] Oh. thanks.
This way I'll always know where you are.
and if you're safe.
All right.
But if you get to know where I go.
then I wanna know where you go.
Because if one day this app shows me
that you're at a swinger's club.
-I'll know your dreams came true.
-Shh!
Uh. I'll need to let this out.
that's the only way to fix it.
Uh. no. You won't need to.
By the day of the wedding. it'll fit me!
[chuckles]
[soft music playing]
[phone ringing]
Excuse me.
-Coffee?
-[Babi] Heck yeah.
-Thanks.
-[sighs] You need anything?
[Babi] Mm-mm.
No. I'm reviewing the transactions
that Caio made
with that construction company.
I wanna go to the hearing.
You'd be wasting your time.
It's just a preliminary hearing.
I took care of everything already.
I know.
but I'm his business partner. after all.
-It's my responsibility to go.
-Don't say I didn't warn you.
-It's gonna be really boring.
-That's okay. [chuckles]
-[man chuckles]
-[indistinct chatter]
Oh. look. Thiago.
Uh. it looks like the twin to mine.
It bums me out a little
that I'm selling it.
-Then don't sell it.
-Yeah.
This bike is from my old life.
It won't fit in anymore.
When I have kids down the road.
We're late. Babi. We should go.
Yep.
ROAD HARPIES MOTORCYLE CLUB
[indistinct chatter]
-[whispering] Where's Caio?
-Guess he's late.
[expectant music playing]
[distorted sounds]
-[dramatic sound effect]
-[sounds normalize]
[indistinct chatter]
[whispering] Hi. I'm here.
-I got stuck in traffic. sorry.
-Okay.
[man] Good morning.
I am Judge Marco Ladeia.
I will be presiding here today.
Thank you for joining us.
Let's now start this preliminary hearing.
Mr. Caio Siqueira. please take the stand.
[Marco]
Will you please describe in detail.
uh. the relationship
of your import company
with the construction company
called Melagold.
who is being accused
of irregular financial operations.
conspiracy to commit fraud.
and money laundering
for a known drug cartel?
Well. um. I started working
with the company in 2009
and since then
we've always worked with transparency.
My accountant brought
all of our accounting records
for Your Honor to review.
And for those reasons.
as Caio's accountant. I guarantee
my client had no connection to.
nor was involved in these alleged charges.
[Marco] That will be all for today.
This hearing is now adjourned
and everyone is dismissed.
[Caio] I told you.
Come on. let's go.
Well. babe.
I gotta run off now to the airport
'cause I still have
a meeting in Rio. okay?
-Now?
-Yeah.
-I love you. Take care of her.
-Sure thing.
[engine starts]
New car?
[both chuckling]
It's a bit over the top.
-By the way.
-Hm?
-You wanna come to my bachelorette party?
-Isn't that just a women only thing?
-You're my best friend.
-Ah.
-You have privileges.
-[chuckles] I see.
Well. you might have more fun
with just your girlfriends.
-You wanna go somewhere for lunch?
-I can't.
I have to say goodbye to my friend.
[melancholic music playing]
-Hi. I am.
-Hello. You're Camille?
-[Babi] Take care of her.
-Sure thing.
[engine starts]
[tense music playing]
[rock music playing]
-[women cheering]
-[woman] Yeah! Take it off!
Hello! Take it off! Take it off! Yeah!
[women laughing]
BRIDE
Did you see that? [screams]
[women cheering]
Gorgeous! My God. you are hot!
[laughing] Amazing!
Damn. do you see his abs?
-[music continues]
-Ah! [laughs]
Surprise! [laughing]
Your bachelorette party gift is here!
-Girl. you've gone insane.
-It's paid. Go take him to a room.
-I can't do that. no way!
-Loosen up. Caio will never suspect.
Why not enjoy it?
I won't do it. You paid for it.
-You'll have more fun.
-You're serious?
-Just go before I regret it.
-I'll do it for you!
-Go!
-I'll be quick. promise. Come on.
Come with me. you gorgeous. sexy man!
-Come on!
-[Babi] You go girl!
[women cheering. laughing]
[gasps. panting]
[sighs] Oh. my God!
[Babi] It's from you?
All right. let's see. huh.
[Patrícia] Show us.
[women] Ooh! [laughing]
You got me a clit-sucker. [chuckles]
After a couple of years of marriage.
I bet you'll use it more than Caio.
-Well. thanks.
-[women laughing]
-I got everyone's gift. right?
-[Patrícia] You have one more. Hold on.
-Ooh. who's is it?
-[woman] Who is it?
"For Babi.
a little surprise from a secret admirer."
[women laughing]
-Open it! Open it!
-[women] Open it! Open it!
Oh. my goodness.
So mysterious.
[upbeat music playing in the background]
[background music distorts]
Babi?
[distorted sounds]
[indistinct chatter]
-[chattering continues]
-[distorted sounds continues]
-[woman 1] Look.
-[woman 2] It's Caio!
-It's Caio with someone else.
-Babi?
-He's with another girl.
-[chattering continues]
[woman 2] I don't believe it.
-[sounds normalize]
-[knocking]
-[Patrícia] Babi?
-[pants]
[Patrícia] Open the door. babe.
Come on out.
-[sobbing] No.
-Everyone's gone home.
[Babi sniffles]
I'm never coming out of here.
Please. come on. Babi!
-Paty--
-I'm so glad you're here.
I've tried everything
but she won't come out!
[Babi] I can hear you! [crying]
[sighs] Oh. my God.
Hey Babi. Look. it's Thiago.
Open the door. please.
Why bother. huh? [sobs]
To look everyone in the eye
and tell them the wedding's off?
That the man I love
is a liar and a cheater?
-I'd rather die than come out.
-[Thiago] Come on. Babi.
There's a ton of us who love you
and want to see you happy.
[sobbing]
Why did he do that to me. Thiago?
Honestly. I don't know. Babi.
-But I'm so. so sorry. really.
-[sobbing]
I swear I'll do anything you say.
Ask whatever you want. I'll do it.
[electro music playing in the background]
There's somewhere I wanna go.
[music volume increases. music stops]
Babi. this is a really bad idea.
Why cause yourself even more pain?
Stop being a wimp. Thiago.
It's a damn good idea.
If this is what Babi wants.
we're doing it.
I really need to know who this woman is.
I need to know about her.
What her name is?
How long they've been dating?
-How long has he been cheating?
-[Thiago] All right.
Let's go.
-Good evening. Júnior.
-Good evening. What can I help you with?
You remember Babi. right?
She's Caio's fiancé.
So. we need to go to his office to. uh--
Actually. she needs to go there and. uh.
go get something for him
that she left there.
If you could let us up.
that would be really great.
[chuckles]
Unfortunately. there's no way I can
let you in without Caio's permission.
-I understand completely. that's what--
-Here's the thing.
Their wedding is right around the corner
and he's traveling.
She wants to leave him a surprise present.
You don't want to ruin
a nice thing like that. huh?
The world needs more romance.
Don't you think?
Why not?
Told you.
[elevator bell dings]
-This has to be quick.
-It'll be fast. It'll be really quick.
-[Júnior] I'm supposed to cover the desk.
-Fuck no.
[chuckles]
Hey. so. hum. come this way with me.
I want to tell you something in private.
-Come one!
-Babi. Babi. wait.
I wanna find out
everything about this woman!
-[Thiago] This is crazy.
-His laptop. it's gotta have something.
Even if you find something.
you're only gonna get hurt.
I don't care!
All right. Password.
[Júnior] I can't stay much.
Come here. let me show you something.
-What is it? Show me.
-A sweet little treat!
-Oh yeah! This is how I like it.
-Oh!
-You wanna see this big boy? Huh?
-Oh. yeah. I wanna see.
[Babi] My birthday? No way.
Idiot. You're an idiot!
[Thiago] We should leave.
Fucking hell!
-I'm busted if anyone hears them.
-I only wanna hear you.
[both moaning]
[gasps] Oh. just keep your eyes here.
[Thiago] I doubt he would leave
anything here. We should go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Babi] "To Nicole.
happy two-year anniversary. my love.
Cheers to many more. I love you. Caio."
[melancholic music playing]
[Babi] He's been with her for two years.
I'm sorry. I don't know what to say.
I think we should just leave.
Son of a bitch!
[moaning]
[clanging]
-I'm close! [moans]
-[Babi] Bastard!
Screw this! He's gonna pay for this shit.
Screw him and fuck all these contracts.
-I should go check.
-Oh yeah! Oh!
It's his bottle of Scotch!
Do you know how much this thing costs?
Fuck it!
And this one.
Always talking about his whiskey.
-Another one. Nice bottle. Fucking dick!
-Babi…
Bastard. The glasses I bought him
when he opened his office. [screams]
-[clanging]
-[moaning]
I'm gonna get fire. I'm serious.
You can text me.
Stay. Don't tell me that's all you've got.
Not even close.
-Clown! Stupid idiot!
-[Thiago] Babi. Babi.
-Wait. Babi!
-Stop. Thiago!
-Give me your coat. Give me your coat.
-What for?
-Give it to me.
-[Patrícia] Let's see it. [gasps]
You wanna see my big sucker?
Uh-huh.
[gasps]
You can't take his laptop.
We could go to jail. and we'll be fucked!
Everything's already fucked. Let's go.
[panting]
[Babi grunts]
Come on. Thiago!
-Hey. I really gotta leave.
-No. just wait.
-I need to go. No.
-Wait a sec. Stay. I won't let you leave.
[Thiago] Babi…
[Patrícia] The noise came
from somewhere else.
Oh. [chuckles] There they are.
-[exhales] Did everything work?
-[Babi] It did.
My dear fiancé will adore
the gift I left for him.
[whispering] I'll fill you in later.
[normal] Just text me. 'kay?
[all laughing]
You guys. don't judge me. okay?
Just don't.
Oh my God. that was the craziest stunt
I think I've ever done.
[laughing]
[Patrícia sighs]
[laughing turns to sobbing]
[inhales sharply. sobbing]
Babi. you sure you don't want
either of us to stay with you tonight?
Yeah. I just wanna be alone. okay?
[sniffles]
All right girl. Take care. yeah?
-Thanks.
-You should get some rest. okay?
[sniffles]
["A Tua Voz" by Gloria Groove playing]
[Babi] Alexa.
why did he cheat on me?
[Alexa] I'm not able
to find an answer to your question.
[music continues]
[sobbing]
[typing]
Shit.
[music continues]
[Alexa chimes]
I'm trying to pretend that I'm okay.
but I'm not. I'm not all right.
-[Babi sniffles]
-[Alexa chimes]
But I will be. [sniffles] I will be okay.
[music ends]
[birds chirping]
-[knocking]
-[Patrícia] Babi?
-[snoring]
[banging]
-Babi! Come on!
[groans]
-Open this or I'll break it down!
-Calm down.
Here. I'm here.
-What's this?
-You need to snap out of this.
I'm not ready to snap out of it just yet.
But you are.
Now wash your face and come out.
[upbeat music playing]
Hey. [chuckles]
How's it going?
[Babi] Ah. man.
No idea.
I don't know what I want. what I like.
It's like an identity crisis.
Suggestion.
What would you never do to your hair
if you were still with Caio?
Hmm?
[dramatic music playing]
[mouthing] Gorgeous!
I want to cut all our ties with Caio.
I don't want his business here.
Wow.
-First. good morning.
-Good morning.
-Welcome back.
-Thank you.
Today. we're cancelling his contract.
If I were you. I would watch out for him.
A liar like him will do whatever he has to
and might screw you.
[sighs] I understand
how you're feeling. Babi.
You're totally right.
But as your friend. I have to warn you.
You can't let your emotions take control.
His business represents
almost a third of our income.
We can't cut him out this quickly.
-[sighs] You don't wanna be too hasty.
-Yeah. but Thiago.
-I don't want him here. I don't--
-[phone vibrating]
-Wait.
-Take the call. I'll be in my office.
-Okay.
-[phone vibrating]
-Hello?
-[man] Bárbara?
This is João.
Judge Marco Ladeia's assistant.
I left you a few messages.
but wasn't able to reach you.
Your folder is still here.
Um. all right. good.
I'll come pick it up. Thanks.
[typing]
[Babi] Hey there.
I'm here to grab my folder.
You're Bárbara. right?
Yes. sir.
Please.
This way.
-Thanks.
-Of course.
[expectant music playing]
[distorted sounds]
[sounds normalize]
[breathes deeply]
-You're the one who forgot the folder.
-Mm-hmm.
Marco. Nice to meet you.
Bárbara. But you can call me Babi.
Babi.
[João] Uh. excuse me.
Here's your folder.
-Thanks.
-You're welcome.
Mm. I'm gonna go.
Thanks again.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
What's so funny?
[João chuckles]
[indistinct chatter]
[mellow music playing]
[shutter clicking]
"The Road Harpies Motorcycle Club.
Interesting.
[dramatic sound effect]
Babi.
Caio? What are you doing here?
-I need to talk to you.
-Are you following me?
-You're avoiding me.
-Yeah. we have nothing
to say to each other even again.
I'm just asking
for a chance to explain myself.
-Please.
-Explain what. Caio?
What?
I love you.
I'm not with her. okay?
You and I have been together five years.
Can we go somewhere and talk?
-Let's figure this out.
-And in those five years.
two years you were with her.
You're a bastard.
There's nothing you could say.
-Wait. just--
-Don't touch me!
[Marco] Is this guy bothering you?
We're just discussing a private matter.
[tense music playing]
I want you to leave.
I'll go.
But I won't give up on us.
Are you all right?
[Babi] Yeah.
I'm okay.
Thank you.
Another one. please. [exhales sharply]
-[Marco] Feeling better?
-Sure.
No. I'm pissed.
Who's that guy to you?
Ex-fiancé.
Current stalker.
Always an asshole.
There should be a way to create some kind
of magnetic field around our exes.
Like when an ex appears. then. pow!
They're shocked and sent flying backwards.
Are you married?
Uh. no. I'm…
just like the kind of person who needs
this magnetic field. like you said.
[chuckles]
[tense music playing]
[Babi] Uh. do you know that woman?
Be right back. Just a minute.
Yeah. do what you got to do.
[footsteps receding]
Mm. The check. please.
-Hey. Paty.
-[Patrícia] Hey. girl.
Sorry I took so long. I'm on a date.
the guy was in the middle of a sentence.
you know I'm polite.
I didn't want to interrupt.
No. go back to your date. silly.
We can always talk later.
No. no. We can talk now. This guy is dull.
He talks too much
and I just wanna get laid!
He already told me
the name of his ex's turtle!
[chuckles] It's not a big deal.
I just wanted to tell you something.
Remember that really hot judge
from the hearing?
Yeah. You hooked up?
Well. no. [scoffs]
I thought something might happen.
because we went for a drink
by the courthouse.
but then this woman showed up
and she kept staring.
then he got all tense and weird.
So I just left.
Yeah. that's weird.
I know. so I tried to do a search
and found nothing on the guy.
Nothing. Not one photo.
there's no social media. nothing.
He's a ghost.
Hey. girl. sorry. say that again.
I didn't hear you.
Forget it.
I'm almost home. I'll call you later.
-Yep. Later.
-Bye.
-[insects chirping]
-[dog barking]
[tense music playing]
[music intensifies]
[thud]
-[music stops]
-[creaking sound]
[thud]
[dramatic sound effect]
[creaking sound]
[door creaking. thudding]
[sighs]
Thiago. where are you?
Uh. someone broke into my place
and tore it apart.
Can you come over?
[sighs]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Thiago]
Doesn't look like anything's missing here.
Nothing was taken from here either.
[exhales]
-Thanks for coming. for real. [sighs]
-Of course. Babi.
-I was worried.
-I'm all right.
Well. apparently it wasn't a robbery.
It's more like a…
-Yeah.
-…a really big mess.
-You know who I think did it?
-Hm?
It was Caio.
Why would he do this?
No idea. Thiago.
I saw him earlier at the courthouse.
We just argued.
and Marco came to my rescue.
-Marco?
-The judge from the hearing. remember?
I left my folder there
so I went back to grab it.
Okay. but what were you doing
before Caio got there?
-Hey. can't I know about it?
-[chuckles]
You guys dating?
No.
-No. I mean it.
-Hm.
Seriously. we're not together.
There was a spark. we had a drink.
-That's it. not a big deal.
-[sighs]
I don't know. Babi.
Be careful.
I think it's really strange
that this judge is hanging around.
Seriously. you're vulnerable.
I want you to be happy.
I want you to go back to the Babi
who's a ray of sunshine and vibrant.
like you used to be.
I want that too.
But I think I lost that version of me
during those five years with Caio.
I don't really know who I am anyone.
I know who you are.
You're an amazing woman
who's just going through a rough patch.
And know that I'm always here for you.
I know you are.
But not just as a friend.
I can be more than that. Babi.
I'm also…
Um… It's-- I mean. um…
We really shouldn't.
-I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry too. I'm not doing well.
Well… [clears throat] So…
do you need any more help with this mess?
No. [chuckles] It'll be a good distraction
for me to clean this up tonight.
-See you tomorrow?
-Count on it.
[Thiago chuckles]
[Babi sighs]
-Good night.
Get some rest.
-I will.
-See ya.
[door closes]
Hey. Camille. how's it going?
Uh. it's Babi. Do you remember me?
Actually. something has come up.
and I really need to get my bike back.
["Dona de Mim" by IZA playing]
[music stops]
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Are you the new girl?
That's right. Babi.
-Alexandre.
-Nice to see you.
The guys were excited
to see what you're about.
It's been a while
since we had a girl in the club.
I'm sure it can't be easy
being around all these men.
-What's the hold-up then?
-Still waiting on one guy.
Finally.
All right. let's hit it!
["Dona de Mim" resumes playing]
[engines starting]
[engines revving]
[music continues]
[music ends]
You're lucky I haven't ridden in awhile.
Or I'd already be at the pool in my bikini
waiting for you guys.
Oh. yeah?
[chuckles]
I saw this bike over at the courthouse.
I had no idea it was yours.
If I'd seen your ride. I wouldn't
have figured it belonged to you.
Want a hand?
Thanks.
Well. this is a nice surprise.
["Brinca com a…" by Carol Biazin playing]
What do you like to drink?
Try taking a guess.
What do you think I like to drink?
Ah…
I bet you'd drink something like maybe…
champagne.
-The expensive kind.
-Not a bad guess.
Open a bottle of champagne please!
Give me your best.
It's my treat. all right?
Consider it a welcome present
for joining our little club.
If I had known I'd get treated this well.
I would've joined sooner.
[chuckles]
Yeah. you get special treatment.
I wouldn't get a glass of tap water
for these hooligans.
-Thanks.
-You got it.
-Oh. look who decided to join us.
-[Marco] Hi.
I reserved the best spot on the beach
to watch the sunset together.
Wanna come along?
[gasps]
Why not?
This is really good. thanks.
[music continues]
[music ends]
Great spot that you got for us out here.
I love this view.
-I've never brought anyone here.
-Really?
I just got used
to always doing things alone.
Actually. I prefer it.
Except.
with you. it's different.
[chuckles]
Will you think I'm crazy
if I tell you something?
What is it?
I think you were in one of my dreams
before we met each other.
-You serious?
-Yeah. I swear.
-[chuckles]
-What was the dream about?
I don't know if I have the guts
to tell you that.
Try.
[chuckles]
Okay.
We were just. um. riding our motorcycles.
going superfast. and it was raining…
Mm-hmm.
Then you hurt your arm
because you fell off your bike.
And then we went into a dark warehouse.
-And?
-And…
Take a guess.
Is that a good guess?
Uh-huh.
[phone ringing]
You wanna answer that?
[sighs] I'm sorry.
Hello?
What? No.
Meaning?
Unbelievable. Again?
Sorry. this is urgent.
I have to deal with it.
Yeah?
No. I can get there on my bike.
I'll be there soon.
[mouthing]
Okay.
If this shit keeps happening.
I might go ballistic.
[soft music playing]
You mean he just left you there. alone?
This guy's a joker.
Tell me about it.
I really wanted to hook up with him.
I mean. it felt good.
So are you gonna hook up with him later?
No clue. I think he's already gone.
And the way he left was kinda weird. too.
It's the universe
trying to give me a sign.
"Forcing is no good."
Hey. I'm wearing these.
Let me see.
Girl. those panties are horrid.
-Exactly. my dear. These are perfect!
-And why is that?
Uh. I don't really
wanna sleep with this guy.
If I wanna go to his house to fuck around.
I'll remember I'm wearing these panties.
and I won't go.
Why go out with the guy?
I hate staying around here
with nothing to do on the weekend!
That makes sense why you'd need
to wear those panties.
-Hm. Bye. Paty. tchau!
-All right. bye.
[chuckles. sighs]
["Matching Tattoo" by Giulia Be playing]
[music volume decreases]
[Alexandre] Babi?
A few of us are gonna go eat.
And we can get more drinks.
Wanna come with?
[sighs]
Thanks. although.
I'd rather take a walk on the beach.
-Want company?
-[chuckles]
-No. thanks.
Gotta shoot my shot. [chuckles]
[music volume increases]
-[music stops]
-[waves crashing]
[insects chirping]
-[splashing]
-[suspenseful music]
-I'm really sorry about earlier. Babi.
-You don't have to explain.
I did want to hook up with you earlier.
But that's all.
I'm not looking for a boyfriend
or anything that serious.
So please. there's no need
to waste your time with excuses.
I got it.
More or less.
What I'm saying…
is if you're gonna waste your time on me…
then do something different.
["Envolver" by Anitta playing]
[music continues]
[Babi laughing]
-It's a race? Yeah?
-[Babi screams]
[music continues]
[moaning]
[panting]
[both panting. moaning]
[music ends]
[soft music playing]
[sighs]
[Babi] "I had to go.
One day. I'll tell you my story.
Thank you for the best night of my life."
[soft music continues]
[sighs]
[birds chirping]
-Good morning.
-We were all waiting for you.
We can go now.
[Alexandre] Uh. look.
I don't know what's up with you and Marco.
but don't stress.
That guy is strange.
He doesn't talk to any of the guys.
He's kinda mysterious.
You might wanna keep your distance.
[engines starting]
[engines revving]
[melancholic music playing]
[scoffs]
[tense music playing]
STAY AWAY FROM MARCO
-[gasping. breathing shakily]
-[typing]
-[Paty] Wow. Babi. That's super creepy.
-Right?
At least the sex was good though.
-Stop. okay? Quit playing.
-I'm sorry.
-You should file a police report.
-Who do I file it against?
I have no idea who did this.
I mean. it could've been Caio.
for obvious reasons. But--
-Bye. See ya.
-[man] Goodbye.
It might've been his other ex.
It could be that crazy lady
from the bar when I went with Marco.
Maybe it's Thiago.
-Thiago?
-Not so loud.
-But he's your partner. And best friend.
-I know.
You're right. but things were so weird
the last time I talked to him.
-I never told you.
-Hmm.
He came to my house
and confessed how he felt.
And then?
He said he wanted to be
more than friends. Ugh.
And? Tell me right now. What'd he do next?
Then he kissed me.
-Say what? On the mouth?
-Uh-huh.
No. on my cheek. Of course. Paty.
-I am so shocked. Gossip of the year.
-[scoffs]
I'm so confused.
I don't know what to think.
No. wait. I couldn't have been Thiago.
You know why?
The same night
that you were at the resort.
he was with a group of friends.
there's no way he could've followed you.
-How do you know?
-Well. look at this.
See. he posted this video.
He was nowhere near you.
[Babi] I'm glad you saw this.
[scoffs] See what I'm going through?
I'm going crazy.
-Especially if I suspect my best friend.
-Calm down.
Calm down. Anyone would be confused.
-Thanks so much.
-No. listen up.
Do not let these fools get you upset.
Because you are a goddess.
-Yeah.
-Focus on what you want. on your dreams.
Snap out of it.
-Now. come on. Let's go.
-Yeah. enough of this.
[soft music playing]
[dial tone]
[beeps]
[phone vibrates]
MISSED CALL
[hip-hop playing]
[Babi] "Expensive whiskeys."
"Good Saints.
a rare collection from 1937."
You're mine!
Got you. sucker.
IMPORT CONTRACT
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
-Thiago.
-Yeah?
[Babi] Come in here.
Look at this.
Do you know how serious this is. Thiago?
Fake accounts that were never
set up through our company.
-How did you miss this?
-No way.
He's involved
in that construction lawsuit.
-He's been scamming us since the start.
-Son of a bitch.
[Babi] This is serious.
I thought he was going overboard
with his spending.
-I didn't want to worry you about it.
-Now what?
I don't know. Babi.
I could go over to his office.
I wanna kick his ass.
No. no. Hold on.
Right now we need to use our heads.
-Just keep it cool.
-No way.
-Yeah.
-How. Babi?
This guy's a criminal. a crook.
He's not the Caio you used to know.
-He should be punished for what he did.
-Look at me.
If you give him a beating.
he'll have grounds to sue you.
giving him time to clear himself.
any evidence is gone!
We need to be smarter than him.
We have to keep this laptop
and take it to the Prosecutor.
Or we take it right to the judge!
-Marco?
-Yes.
I think he'd help us with this.
Okay. But I think we should take it
to our lawyers first.
They should weigh in on this.
Who knows. they might have a better idea.
-Okay.
-Babi.
I swear I didn't know anything.
I refuse
to be an accomplice to this crime.
Yeah. same here.
I got your back on this no matter what.
[Babi] Wait a second.
Excuse me. are you. uh. Bárbara Vieira?
-I have a delivery for you.
-Thanks.
Bye now.
Who sent those?
Marco.
[scoffs] That figures.
Look. Babi. don't get me wrong.
I think it's really strange
how this judge is harassing you.
-Yikes. Thiago. for real.
-No. not "yikes".
Didn't you tell me to watch out?
There are a lot of bad guys in the world.
-Sorry.
-Tchau.
He's jealous. Ignore him.
[Babi] Read it. Paty.
"I'm sorry for the way
I left the other day.
How about dinner tomorrow at my place?
I'll send you a car at 7pm sharp."
Hmm. that's classy.
I don't think so.
I don't wanna go either. okay?
After all the crap I've been through
with Caio. I can't risk it.
And what if Thiago's right?
If Marco is. uh. a snake after all?
If you keep thinking
that every guy is a liar.
you're never gonna get another date.
You know I'm right.
I don't know
if he deserves a second chance.
You know what I think?
I think some of the best things in life
are miracles disguised as second chances.
I'm not saying this
so you give Marco another chance.
Why not give yourself one?
Poetic. Is that one yours?
No. but it doesn't matter if I read it
off a fortune cookie or in a book.
What matters is the message.
["Just Can't Get Enough of You"
by Jacquelline Halm Hopkins playing]
[music continues]
[music ends]
[wind whooshing]
[soft music playing]
I was afraid you wouldn't come tonight.
And I was afraid to come over.
I'm glad you're here.
-May I?
-Yes.
[Marco]
I set up a little place for us out here.
Thank you.
-Pour you some wine?
-Please do.
-[Marco] I hope you like rack of lamb.
-Did you make this?
Mm-hmm.
I suspected
that he'd been stealing from his partner.
-And then?
-Then I confronted the guy.
in front of everyone and. of course.
she took his side. and I was let go.
[scoffs]
It took several months
of paying off the janitor to give me
all the guy's trash after his shift ended.
That's how I managed to find the evidence
I needed to put together a written report.
then I sent it to his partner's house
with flowers.
After that. she ended their partnership.
and then offered me a job.
but by that time. I was focused
on trying to become a judge.
but I needed to study.
-so I turned it down.
-Wow.
You were already like that at 19?
Obsessed?
[both chuckling]
I believe in seeking out the truth.
Well. a toast to the truth. hm?
Toast to the truth.
I'd forgotten
that life could be this carefree.
Or enticing.
I had forgotten who I used to be.
-Um. I need to use the bathroom.
-Uh. sure.
It's down the hall.
at the end. on the left.
Thanks.
[soft music playing]
What are you doing here?
Uh…
I think I went to the wrong door.
The bathroom is that way.
Okay.
[footsteps receding]
[suspenseful music playing]
-Your phone's been ringing off the hook.
-Let me see.
Oh. it's my friend Paty.
We have a safety app where we can see
both of our real-time locations.
Let me tell her I'm fine.
Hey. Paty. I forgot to tell you
that I decided to have dinner at Marco's.
He's treating me well.
I just found out his life's a paradox.
He's obsessed with the truth
and mysterious at the same time.
Well. there's no need to worry.
he doesn't seem like he's dangerous.
Call you later.
[thud]
["Free To Be Lost"
by Victoria Kiu playing]
[panting]
[Babi grunts]
[music continues]
[panting]
[music ends]
[gasps]
[heavy breathing]
[soft music playing]
[Babi gasps]
[Marco pants]
[heavy breathing continues]
[gasps]
[music ends]
It's so hard for me to trust anyone.
To share my feelings.
I've had to deal with a lot recently.
It's complicated.
It's still a mess.
Although with you by my side.
I feel like I have a new lease on life
and things can get better again.
You always say
that your life is complicated.
But what is it that's so complicated
that you won't tell me?
-[thud]
-[woman] Get out of my way.
-Don't touch me.
-[man] I'm going to call Mr. Marco.
-[tense music playing]
-[woman] I know he's in there.
-Ms. Paula…
-Keep your hands off me.
I'm going to call Mr. Marco.
but you have to wait downstairs.
Wait downstairs? You're crazy.
This is my house too.
Paula. what are you doing here?
Would you please leave?
So you're the slut
who's seeing my husband?
Husband?
-It's not what you think.
-So you're married?
Yes. yes. yes. We're married. of course.
We're very married. You had no idea?
[scoffs]
Aw. what a sad little face.
So. you believed
his sad little story. huh? [chuckles]
The poor. disillusioned man who's hurt
and needs to be taken care of?
-Shut up. Paula.
-No. don't tell me to shut up.
She should know the truth.
I think she'd wanna know
how much you've hurt me.
How you destroyed my life.
and abandoned me
just when I needed you the most.
She should know
what an evil monster you really are.
I mean. if he did all that to me.
to his own wife.
I can't imagine what he would do to you.
A meaningless hook-up.
-[Marco] Babi…
-Excuse me.
You had no right.
-Go! Go away. Just leave.
-Babi. wait!
-[Marco] Listen to me. I--
-Let me go.
You always seek out the truth. huh?
It's all smoke and mirrors
to hide what a liar you are.
Don't ever talk to me again.
Don't come after me.
[footsteps receding]
[engine revving]
[tense music playing]
[dramatic sound effect]
[tires screeching]
[beeping]
[Paty] Hey there. Sleeping Beauty.
-Hey. girl.
-Want some food?
[Babi] Uh-uh.
Come on. have some soup.
-[knocking]
-Hey guys.
I'm gonna take your parents to eat. okay?
-Okay.
-What do you think? Let's go.
-[mom and dad] Sure.
-Thanks. Paty.
-[mom] Take care of her.
-You got it. [chuckles]
[sighs]
Got you bonbons.
-Just what I want.
-[both chuckling]
[beeping continues]
-[sighs]
-Hi.
Holy shit.
You scared us. Babi.
I did. huh?
What matters is that you'll be okay now.
out of danger.
I hope you're right.
Oh. Thi. I don't…
I don't remember all that much…
but I have this strange feeling.
that car tried to run me off the road.
-Oh purpose?
-Uh-huh.
That's bad. Who'd do that to you?
I have no idea.
I'm not sure if that really happened. but…
it was just a gut feeling.
Although Caio…
Caio?
-Honestly. I have no clue what to think.
-[knocking]
Hey there.
[tense music playing]
I'm happy to see you're okay.
There's nothing we need to talk about.
That's okay.
we don't have to talk right now.
I just wanted to see you.
You have.
Look…
Babi appreciates
the flowers.
but she really needs to rest.
I think you should leave now.
[beeping continues]
[Babi sighs]
[Thiago] You okay?
Good.
Hey. Fernando. it's Marco.
How goes it. man?
I have a favor
I need to ask you for something.
I'm gonna need
to check out some traffic footage.
I also need to put a wiretap on someone.
-[tense music continues]
-[siren wailing in the background]
-Hey. honey. you're okay.
-Thanks. mom.
-You're the best.
-Feeling better?
-Mm-hmm.
-Now you can get some rest. right?
And that's it.
Here you go. Careful. it's hot.
-Thanks.
-Of course.
It'll be good to get back to the office
and do some work.
-I might swing by the there tomorrow.
-Don't bother.
-Thiago and I have it all covered.
-But I wanna go in.
There's no reason to stay here.
I don't want to go in a downward spiral.
All righty then.
I'm not gonna let that happen on my watch.
If I start to feel crappy.
I swear I'll come back.
-I promise.
-Yeah. all right.
[intercom ringing]
Can you get that for me. Mom. please?
[mom] Hello? Hold on a minute. please.
Uh. Marco is out front.
Marco?
[tense music playing]
Hi.
I know it's probably not a good time. but…
I wanna explain myself
after what went down.
More than just explain.
I'd rather you actually see for yourself.
[Marco sighs]
Vitória was born with a rare condition.
Emanuel Syndrome.
[melancholic music playing]
[Marco] It causes extremely weak muscles.
She also has some developmental problems.
A malformation of her intestines.
as well as a heart defect.
-Paula is Vitória's mother?
-[Marco] Yeah.
And you guys are married?
We were married. Four years.
At first. we were happy together.
[inhales deeply]
But even before she-- she got pregnant.
I'd already been worried
about Paula's mental health.
[tense music playing]
After she got pregnant. it just got worse.
I tried everything.
I took her to doctors. psychiatrists. but…
she'd quit her treatment
as soon as she started it.
Then Vitória was born.
and we learned about her disability.
[Paula] I thought that getting married
and becoming a mother
would give me a purpose.
[breaths deeply]
But instead.
it feels like the other way around.
I've…
been losing myself little by little.
There's no end in sight.
I know it won't end.
[cries]
[Babi] But you kept taking care of her?
[Marcos] Yes. of course.
We stayed together. I tried.
[machine beeping]
[Marcos] Until one night
when she came to the hospital…
Paula took Vitória from her room
and tried to leave with her.
-[Vitória crying]
-[machine beeping rapidly]
[Marco] Vitória can't survive
without the machines.
Thankfully. I was already there.
I stopped her.
-[Vitória crying]
-[beeping]
[Marco] To save my daughter's life.
I had to file a restraining order
to keep Vitória safe. away from Paula.
That was the hardest decision of my life.
[Vitória crying]
That's why that day on the pier
I had to leave. to go handle that.
They called me from the hospital
saying that she was trying to get at her.
After all that.
I swore I'd never
get involved with anyone ever again.
But to be honest…
I have utterly
and completely fallen in love with you.
[soft music playing]
My divorce with Paula
is about to be finalized.
Any day now.
Then I can finally live my life again.
Well then.
I think we should wait then. right?
I've waited long enough. Babi.
I know exactly what I want.
Marco. I need some time
to process all of this.
Um. it's a lot to think about.
And I also have a serious problem
at work to deal with.
Give me some time.
Give us some time.
Sure.
I'll wait.
[tense music playing]
Thank you. Fernando.
[Fernando] You'll know
if there's anything on the wiretap.
-Good man.
-Bye.
-They found the license plate.
-And?
It was stolen.
This gets more and more suspicious.
Maybe it's a random coincidence.
I'm not sure.
Just to be safe.
Fernando set up a wiretap.
You can get yourself
in some serious shit for this.
You are a judge.
I really need to know what's going on.
I have to protect Babi.
[music ends]
[Babi] Decaf for you.
I'm getting taking care of
when you're the one who needs to recover?
I'm really glad you're back.
Yeah. same here.
Hey. let me ask you something.
What's going on with the laptop
we took from Caio?
Did you give it to the lawyers?
What's the verdict?
Yeah. I left the laptop with them.
but this will take some time.
Babi. you know that. right?
I gave it some thought and I think
we should take it to Marco's office.
[sighs]
But Marco is the judge. Babi.
The one on the case. It's a bad idea.
Maybe. But he's turning out
to be a really great person.
and he wants to help us out.
He'd even expedite the whole process.
[sighs]
Should we do that though?
We can't let Caio get away with it.
Then that's it.
Yeah. you're right. let's do it.
I'm with you.
Off to court. then? We'll go?
I'm gonna stop at my place
to grab the copies of the files.
-Oh. you made copies?
-Why wouldn't I?
It's all saved
to a hard disk and the cloud.
So I'll pick them up.
Right on. that's smart.
Uh…
I still have a few things to handle here.
but I'll come pick you up at your house
in two hours. does that work?
Sounds good.
-All right. Okay.
-See you then.
The chair?
I'm aware.
[chuckles]
[tense music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[tense music continues]
[Thiago] Hey. Caio.
[dramatic sound effect]
[Caio breathing shakily]
What happened to you?
These guys broke into my house.
I was tortured.
[breathing shakily]
They're watching everything we do. Thiago.
They told me that if I don't fix this shit
I should expect the worst.
You have to tell them this isn't my fault.
-I didn't give the laptop to Babi.
-It's no use.
What Babi knows incriminates all of us.
Fuck. I don't wanna be involved
in this shit anymore.
I want out.
Let me make this clear.
If we don't get rid
of Babi and the evidence.
then they'll get rid of us too.
When you promised I'd get more money
with this construction shit.
I had no idea we'd end up
working for a crime syndicate.
What'd you fucking expect?
[tense music continues]
You acted like you didn't know
where the cash came from.
but you had no problem spending it all.
A new car. jewelry…
whiskey.
women.
You blew it all away.
so I had to split up you and Babi.
I did everything I could
to keep her out of it.
I stalked her.
threatened her.
even had someone run her off the road.
but Babi's stubborn.
And now she's in love with that judge.
And even with what little brain cells
you have in there.
you have to realize what that means.
From now on…
it's her or us.
What would you choose?
[music intensifies]
Babi's in serious danger.
[suspenseful music playing]
[door opens]
Hey.
-You got everything?
-I do.
Got it right here.
Let's go.
[suspenseful music continues]
I'm really glad
we're taking this stuff over to Marco.
I think we are doing the right thing.
No doubt it is.
Thiago. the courthouse is the other way.
Yes. Babi.
you're right. it's the other way.
So then what route is this?
[music intensifies]
[dial tone]
What's going on?
What's this?
You should keep quiet. Babi.
-[dial tone]
-[engine revving]
Ugh. Come on. Babi. answer!
[phone vibrating]
Don't answer it.
-I'm in the car with Thiago. He's got a--
-Hang up!
-Stop! Thiago. you're gonna crash!
-Give me that shit.
Try me! Shut the fuck up!
Fuck. Fuck!
Don't ever try that shit again with me!
[action music playing]
[Paty] Hello? Marco?
Hello. Paty. thank God.
Babi's in grave danger.
Do you still have that location app?
-I do. wait just a sec. let me check it.
-Please hurry.
-Go!
-Here. Here it is.
She's on Marginal Pinheiros Road
turning on Gwido Caloy Avenue.
[Marco] Don't hang up. Stay on the line.
Thiago. if this is about the evidence.
if you're somehow involved. we can talk.
You're like my brother.
I'd never hurt you. I swear.
I don't trust you anymore. Babi.
Now shut the fuck up
and let me drive. okay?
[engine revving]
-Hello? Officer Aguiar?
-[Aguiar] Hey. Marco.
I have evidence that two men are planning
to murder an innocent woman.
I'm sending you my location.
-Okay.
-No time to waste. Hurry.
Look. don't do anything
until the police get there.
All right.
[engine revving]
-Where is she?
-[Paty] They're going to the reservoir.
I'm on it.
[music stops]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Babi crying]
Babi. listen closely.
You'll get out of the car.
and you'll do whatever I say.
If you try to run…
if you scream…
I'll put a bullet hole in your brain.
[crying]
Got it?
-Get out of the car. Babi.
-[crying]
-Fucking move it!
-[gasps] Please. stop. Thiago. Stop.
[music continues]
[Paty] Keep going.
then take the next right.
Marco. save Babi.
[Babi sobbing]
Thiago. you don't have to do this.
I'll pretend I don't know anything.
and I didn't say a word to Marco.
[Thiago] Walk.
I saw the statements that were forged.
I saw the fake receipts.
there's no way you'd be incriminated.
I can help you out.
Let me help you get out of this.
I want revenge on Caio.
I have nothing against you.
You're my best friend. Thiago.
You didn't mean to do it.
You got caught in Caio's lies like I did.
Shut up!
Shut the fuck up right now.
Shut up. you don't know shit at all. okay?
[breathing shakily]
[dramatic sound effect]
No.
[gasps]
Hold this.
[gun cocking]
[Babi] No.
Get in the grave.
[sobbing]
[crying]
Why are you both doing this to me?
I just wanted to have more cash.
And Caio just wanted to fuck other women.
But you had to stick your nose
where it didn't belong.
If I don't get rid of you.
they'll kill me.
That's why you have to die.
No. [sobbing]
You do it.
[Caio breathing shakily] Fuck. Thiago.
-[sighs]
-[Thiago] You're the one who wanted in.
That's how it goes. If you know too much.
they'll put you in the ground.
I need to know you've got my back on this.
[breathing shakily]
It's her or us.
Don't do this.
Don't do it. don't do it.
Don't do it. Caio. Look at me.
-I love you.
-[Thiago] Kill her.
[Babi] Look at me. Caio. [sobbing]
-Shoot her fucking now!
-[Babi yelps]
Fuck. I can't do it. Thiago.
-Are you crazy?
-I can't do it.
-They're gonna kill us!
-Fuck you! No!
-[Babi screams]
-[grunts]
-[heavy breathing]
-[distorted sounds]
[Babi cries. distorted]
[Babi yelps]
-[Babi cries]
-[Caio] No. wait.
No. wait. Thia--
[Babi screams]
What have you done?
Oh. Caio!
[crying]
[Thiago] What have I done?
Look what you made me do. God damn it!
-[Babi yelps]
-[both grunting]
-You fucking bastard!
-[grunts]
Marco! [groans]
[both grunting]
[grunting continues]
[gunshot]
-[Babi] Marco!
-[Marco grunts]
-[sighs. groaning. panting]
-[Babi] Marco!
-[grunts]
-[Babi crying]
Calm down. I'm putting it down.
I'm putting it down.
[distorted breathing]
It's over. Babi.
[gunshot]
-[soft music playing]
-[panting]
[Babi] Look at me.
Stay with me. I've got you.
[sirens wailing]
[woman] Two men have been arrested
after trying to kill a woman
last night in the South of São Paulo.
The suspects.
Caio Siqueira and Thiago Freitas.
were involved in a money laundering scheme
and were arrested
after being found out by Bárbara Vieira.
who was Thiago's partner
at their accounting firm.
Caio and Thiago planned to murder Bárbara
but were stopped…
It'll be all right.
…the judge presiding over their case.
[woman continues. indistinct]
[soft music playing]
AMBULANCE
SIX MONTHS LATER
[soft music playing]
[Marco] The doctors are thrilled.
She's gets discharged this week.
and finally comes back.
Great. Marco.
I think Vitória is really lucky
to be your daughter.
-I'm the lucky one to be her dad.
-[chuckles]
-[phone vibrating]
-[Babi] Oh. it's Paty.
Hey. my friend! How's my jetsetter doing?
What's the hotel like?
I'm loving it so much.
Your suggestion was worth it.
Although listen. yo.
I've got a bomb to drop on you.
-I didn't tell you before I left because--
-Tell me. I hate mysteries.
After so many years
of being down in the gutter.
making out with all of São Paulo.
I'm finally settling down.
You're joking.
I'm in a relationship.
You're in a relationship?
Is this for real?
-What. you don't believe me?
-No.
Babe. look. Remember this guy?
-Ah. hey! How's it going?
-Mmm.
The guy from you-know-who's office?
You're kidding! [laughing]
-Hi. how are you? It's been a while.
-[laughing]
Oh. for real girl. we're so happy.
All three of us.
What's that?
The three of us. Me. Júnior. and Rodrigo.
-[Paty laughing]
-[chuckles]
All right. well. once again
I'm at a loss for words
when it comes to your escapades.
We'll talk later.
I just wanted to tell you the news.
I have so much to do. [screams]
Well. cool. I hope you're all very happy!
[chuckles]
["Take Over" by Six Black Skulls playing]
[music continues]
[music ends]
[tense music playing]
[thunderclap]
[tense music continues]
[music ends]
[soft music playing]